Because This Is My First Life
Lee Min Ki
Jeong So Min
Lee SomPark Byeong Eun
Kim Ga EunKim Min Seok
Timing and Subtitles Brought to You by the Scrimp & Scrape Team @ Viki!
Because This Is My First Life
Stop. Yoon Ji Ho.
You can't...
stop crying?
Then...
let's go together.
It's okay to cry, so...
You beside me.
I will be with you.
1988 the whole world is looking at South Korea.
1988 on the day that the world's festival was going to start
In Mom's belly I was getting prepared to be born.
That way, I became a 88er whom the world was looking at.
Born during the heyday of South Korea.
It was given that our family had a car
I spent my early childhood in this high growth and abundance.
In the midst of all that, I also changed my identity
From a citizen to an elementary student
Of course, trials came.
However there was hope.
If someone works hard, then they can stand again.
Your earnest dream will come true, I believed.
However that belief did not last long.
Then somehow the dreams now had ranks
we were not 88ers
but became 880 won generation.
The vote of the 20's had no strength
the world was no longer
paying attention to South Korea.
In the infinite war, the friends that bet their necks for specifications
Among that... I was a snail who dreamed.
Even if I'm slow, if I work hard
my dreams would come true.
I persistently believed in that.
If I were to tell the 20-year-old me,
would that punk believe me?
Bride and groom, enter.
Let's go.
The 88er, Yoon JiHo who is now 30, instead of becoming a writer...
I held the man who gave me a discount on rent
I really
got married.
Because of the house.
I'm taking the picture.
One, two.
It's done.
Aigoo. You have worked hard. You worked hard.
You worked hard.
Hey, stop crying.
If someone saw they would think you had a story with the groom.
And what about you? You're like a part-timer as a guest.
How could you not shed a single tear?
Coldhearted.
We will be taking a photo with the groom and bride's friends.
Hey, let's go for the picture.
Heol!- Why?
Hey, let's hurry.
Hey, we jet off as soon as she takes the photo. Got it?
Are all your friends here?
Yes.
Se Hee-nim too?- Yes.
CEO and the one wearing the shoes with heels, move to the bride's side.
- Me?  - Yes, you two.
- No!  - No!
This side is cramped.
This is not heels.
I ask for your cooperation for today's affair.
CEO, heels... hurry and move to the bride's side.
Now let's balance it out.
Here.
Now, okay.
Excuse me, heels and the tall girl, switch places.
I'm taking it. One, two.
Hey, your girlfriend.
Hyung...
Pretend you don't know when you meet my girlfriend since we haven't made up yet.
Okay, okay. But then the tall girl beside your girlfriend, do you know her too?
She's bestfriends with Rang so we are close.
No... then that 88er, that small brat blocked someone older.
Hyung... we'll just eat quietly and go. Don't pretend you know her. Seriously, okay?
Why would I pretend to know her? I'm a shy type.
Aigoo.
No one sits here, right?
There is.
There isn't.
Is that so? Then if you don't mind.
Hyung, wait!
Is it tasty?
Do you want to try?
It's tasty.
Hello.
We're meeting for the first time, right? After just hearing stories of each other.
Yes, hello. I've also heard a lot about you.
This is my friend Woo--
Soo Ji.
What? You know her?- I don't.
Then how did you know?
No, it's just that she looks like a Soo Ji.
Clean, elegant and someone who would block someone
it's written on her face.
What?- What?
We met through work once.
How are you, CEO Ma?
Aigoo, thanks to you, I am doing fine.
Maybe it's because of the change between seasons but I got a bad cold too.
I got blocked and my mental state is shaken too.
But still I am happy and such.
Soo Ji blocked.
It's Ji Ho!
You look good together!
Who knew our Ji Ho would be the first one to get married.
I know. It seems just like yesterday when she vomited after drinking in our rooftop room.
So the pigeons gathered up the next morning.
I had such a hard time.
And you pretended to be an eagle to try to chase them away.
Hey, that wasn't an eagle. I was a falcon.
But what has he been eating that he has a smudge?
That... it looks like pepper paste.
That's true, why is he going around smudged like that?
But then, why is pepper paste continuously dripping down his nose?
I know.
That pepper paste.
You must have really been tired.
The activities these past days have suddenly increased that's why.
I know.
So much that you had a nosebleed.
I thought bleeding on both nostrils only happens when you get beaten by someone.
It was chaotic as if I was beaten by someone.
A wedding... is not any match for any projects I developed.
It's all over now, so just hang in there a little bit more.
Yes.
I want to hurry and rest in our house.
What? Did I say something wrong?
N...no. I need to rinse this.
I want to hurry and rest in our house.
Our house.
It's because your body is on the low.
In times like that you need to put something in your mouth. Hurry and drink this.
Yes.
You need to take this with that.
Why are you so skinny?
What do you like? Do you eat snake soup?
Snake soup... I haven't tried it.
Right? People from Soeul don't usually eat it.
Then... what should I feed you?
That... Ji Ho is a strong person.
Pardon?- I may not know much about her, but
when she decided to write and when she decided to stop writing
and also... marriage...
She decided it for herself.
Because even though she looks weak she is strong.
She's someone with a well-designed brain.
She will not make herself go through something that would make her miserable.
So, Ji Ho... as always
will chose the path towards her happiness.
And I, for as long as we are married, that decision
I will not hinder it.
The only thing I could promise is that.
I'm sorry.
For what?
Because it's not "I will make her happy," "I will protect her."
The promise I could give is only this.
What about that? It's right though.
Just because you are a couple, you are not in charge of the other's happiness.
How could you make another person happy?
When it's an era where making one's self happy is hard enough.
Not being a hindrance to the other is the best.
I like it a whole lot better than not having her to touch water.
I will make you snake soup later on.
Try it once.
Ahh... Snake soup?
It's delicious.
We are people who rose up from that hard times, in-law.
Yes, yes, that's right.
Because your son is born in such a good generation
they say it's hard and all.
Let's go now. Everyone is tired.
That's right, Dad. Let's go.- Okay.
Even though she's a lacking daughter
please take care of her.
Yes. Yes. - Don't worry.
Please take care of her.
Go home safely.
Unni! I'll be going.
Okay. I'm sorry, you're pregnant and all.
It's okay.
But then Unni, brother-in-law is SH.
Huh?
He's super handsome.
Then let's get going too.
Yes.
He's super handsome.
What's wrong?
Ah. I thought my nose might be bleeding again.
You have been sneaking glances at my face.
Is there something on my face?
No. That...
Mosquito... I think there is one.
In this weather?
I know.
That...
Thank you.
I heard from outside.
To my mom... for saying those
thank you.
I think she made you worry for no reason.
I should have settled it beforehand.
That... it's does not only concern you.
If the other end feels unsettled
then I thought I should be the one to explain it as the landlord.
And to put it bluntly, it's not concerning you only, it's our (concern).
Our concern?
Yes, it's "our" concern. Since it's a shared matter.
[Episode 6] Because It's Our First
Auntie, is there a space? - There's none.
Is that so?
Hey! You knew about it, right?
That this place is a famous one? Of course.
Ms. Ho Rang. Wow!
Oh!
How could we surprisingly meet by coincidence here?
Oh my! I know. Isn't Seoul so small?
I know. Well, since the land is small let's just sit together.
No, it's okay.
Aigoo! I'm so busy. Why are you blocking the way?
I'm sorry.- Hurry and go in!
Let's go in. Why are you bothering her?
That's right. She says she's busy.
Here, cheers!-Cheers!
Wow, one shot. Fighting!
Ms. Ho Rang, you are good at drinking somaek (soju+beer). Based on your looks it doesn't seem like it.
I originally can't but these days I drink well. I broke up with my boyfriend.
Is that so? So you broke up with your boyfriend. What do we do?
I should register with you.
Well, if it's someone with your looks, it would be an honor.
What style of man do you want?
I'm not picky with anything, he just needs to be not an engineering graduate.
Aha! Engineering... He's...
Something bad must have happened with some one who's an engineer.
What did the engineering guy do so wrong...
please ask her that so we can listen.
You heard it, right?
What's the use of saying when we already broke up... please tell him that.
No, you two, why are you doing this to me?
Hey. Stop it.
I hope in the next life he learns the language of humans, please tell him that too.
Because I think he sucks at it in this lifetime.
Yang Ho Rang! Seriously!
Seriously what!
I tried to understand you. But you were too much this time, you know?
What were you trying to understand?
How are you going to understand me?
Hey, don't put on that twisted smile. That's what I hate the most.
Do you even know even just a bit about the reason why I was mad!
I also know the real reason!
I also know. I also know why you were so mad.
Now, now. Calm down.
Honestly, Won Seok was so in distress knowing that.
The real reason why you got mad.
It was because he bought the sofa that was on display.
Pardon?
That... because that was a sofa on display so dirt would be stuck on it.
He wiped it so hard that
he has muscles here already.
CEO Ma, that mouth please.
So he can save those few delivery dollars, he dragged that up all the way from the station.
- With all his body devoted to it. - Can you close your mouth now?
Ms. Ho Rang.
Won Seok really tried his best.
In the end,
this is the reasoning you came up with?
That I'm mad because you got my the couch that was on display?
What?
I..I guess that's how ignorant you saw me as.
Even though we've been dating for 7 years...
- No- Ho Rang. Ho Rang. - Ho Rang..
What happened, Hyung? Get up.
Ho Rang! Ho Rang!
Hey, Yang Ho Rang, seriously!
It wasn't that either? Then what was it?
You...
Did you see me receiving Ji Ho's bouquet today?
Yes, I saw it earlier. I even saw how you almost fell just to catch that.
Rang, don't brush around the bush and just tell me why are you mad. Okay?
Do you know that if you catch the bouquet,
you will get married in 6 months?
Why are you spouting suddenly?
Stop brushing around the bush. Let's just drop this, okay?
If you catch the bouquet
and you don't get married in 6 months,
then you won't be able to for the next 3 years.
Why do you keep saying useless stuff, crazy head? Rang..
That's not important right now.
Oh my gosh!
Aish! Yang Ho Rang, are you seriously crazy?! What's wrong with you?!
Marriage!!!
I'm saying that I want to get married, you idiot!
Marriage..
I, seriously! It switched from a full-on combat to a melodrama in a blink of second. Marriage!
Oh, Ho Rang! That wasn't just some story reversal but to the level of genre wreckage!
You must have not date a lot, right?
What? Dating?
Ah, seriously. I'm speechless.
Do you know why my name is Ma Sang Goo, Deputy Woo?
Since I was 18, I've never had a dating jinx.
Ma Sang Goo.
I mean, besides texting back and forth. Real dating.
When you're not clear if she's your family or your friend, or if she's you or you are her, and you feel pinched and muddled.
You've never spent over an year like that with someone, right? Like those two earlier?
I've seen the case of is this your leg or is it my leg often.
No, then have you dated those type of guys before?
The "real dating".
I don't do stuff like that. Because it's stressful.
I don't date men. I only create memories with them.
I'm going to catch a taxi this way, what about you?
What is wrong with him? Seriously..
Hello.
What are you doing?
Your daughter. She was crying in there so I rescued her.
- What the heck? - What do you mean what? She's your exact replica.
- No need. Take it back.- Keep it. Keep it.
You said you only make memories with guys.
This is today's memory, so take it. Okay?
And also, from human to human, could you stop cutting me out?
I won't send you spamming texts anymore.
Okay?! Okay, leave.
Looks like me? Yeah right!
Ji Ho . . . and the youngest girl at my work got married too.
Ji Ho married too and the youngest girl at your work married too.
I got it. I got it. Stop crying and just sleep.
If you continue to cry, your head will hurt.
I got it. Let's sleep.
I got it. I got it.
Stop crying.
Don't cry.
- You're awake?- Yeah.
You made a good breakfast.
Yes, I'm a type of person who has to have breakfast.
Also, since this is our first day after the wedding.
Yes.
Then, enjoy the food.
You should at least eat the food and then leave.
Ah..I'm alright.
Still...
it's the first official day after the end of the project.
I did make a lot too so we could eat together.
Then, I'll eat just a bit.
Ah, okay!
♫ What I need to do ♫
I'll enjoy the food.
♫ I don't want to spend my emotion  ♫
♫ Love to someone like me is an useless emotion ♫
♫ Though I tell myself that ♫
♫ when you are in front of me ♫
♫ walking by  ♫
It's delicious.
Yes.
I know. I'm good at cooking.
Yes. You really are.
It's a good thing to be skilled in.
♫ Then I want to hold your hand  ♫
Besides ramen, this is our first time
eating together like this.
You're right.
What did you do yesterday?
Yesterday?
I went home and washed up and went to bed after watching some soccer.
Soccer? The two of you together?
No, we were tired yesterday so we each watched on our phone in our own room.
Your own rooms? You guys sleep in different rooms?
I mean, our own phones. We watched on our own phones, I mean.
Hey, try this. It's so good.
It's alright. You should be eating it as a newlywed. You'll need the energy.
When is he the sexiest?
You're newlyweds. They say, you get in the mood suddenly without warning in the newlywed phase.
I don't. There's nothing like that.
Ji Ho. Are you guys sexless, by chance?
No, not like that either.
Not like that either then why are you so stingy about telling it?
I fessed up to you about all the men I've met all these years.
But you won't tell me a thing about your husband.
When he says "our".
I like it when he uses the word "our".
When he say things like, "our house" and "our work"
I felt really nice.
So you mean . . . when he says 'our' you get all excited?
That's your fetish?
It's not like that.
What's Ji Ho's fetish?
- It's not a fetish but . . .- She gets all excited when he says "we".
Indeed, a writer's fetish is literary too.
- We? - We!
But where you headed Ji Ho, to be out here, the first day after being married?
I'm going to find a part-time job.
What? A part-time job? Why?
Huh?
Oh. I should work to pay for rent . . .
I mean . . . to pay for living cost and cellphone cost too.
Hey! Isn't brother-in-law too much!
What, why?
I mean, how can he let her go work part-time when they're married?
Hey, these days, you can't live on one income together.
You're not going to work after you're married then?
I will. House work.
Have kids and serve my husband's parents too.
Hey, you know that stuff needs to be done with a pro mindset too?
What did Won Seok say?
Did he response to your sassy proposal?
What response? Is he in the position to respond?
When he made a girl bring up marriage first.
I woke up and he was already out and gone. I guess he knew he was in the wrong too.
Ho Rang. Are you sure Won Seok is even thinking of marrying you?
What?
I mean, have you ever talked about it seriously?
About the two of you getting married?
Talk about what?
Woo Soo Ji. We've dated for seven years!
So if he isn't even thinking about marriage, is he even human?
He'd be trash.
You should just get married.
Even a personality like that gets married so why couldn't you?
But he's got a job and he's got a home too.
Me, even if I get married, where would I live?
I can't show Rang's parents the rooftop room.
Still no investments yet?
I'm supposed to meet them later.
But I don't really know. I think I might end up having to wrap it up after only getting a taste of it.
Listen to this without misunderstanding.
Do you want to just come into my company?
I mean, I know you're the CEO of your APP too.
But it'd be easier to get married if you belonged somewhere.
Thank you, but I still should see to the end of what I'm doing.
There's the time I've invested in it too.
And more than anything else, I'm not sure what marriage is.
Do you know? Marriage?
Huh?
I don't know.
I think it's a good thing? Two is better than one, right?
Someone who'd always be understanding no matter what I do.
To have that same person by my side always.
Isn't something like that something good?
Why happened to you suddenly? How did you get all greasy?
Maybe there's someone of that sort these days?
Someone magnificent, kid!
Chief Nam. What is getting married?
What is getting married, Mr. Married?
Is it nice being married, Ahjussi?
I told you to start talking to me while I'm working, right?
Because of you, my logic got scattered.
Alright, friend.
Also. Don't talk about personal stuff at work.
Okay.
It seems a human being can actually spit at you with their eyes.
He's someone without any common awareness.
Even a punk like him can get married, so why couldn't we?
You look so young for your age.
Compared to your looks, your age is . . . maybe you're preparing to take some exams?
Nothing like that. I am just taking a break for a while.
I see. At your age?
So you were a writer before?
Yes, as a drama assistant writer.
Assistant writer?
There's such a thing?
I think it'd be difficult at our shop.
To be honest, we're looking for 20-something's.
I'm sorry.
Yes.
Part-time help wanted
Ack, this is bad.
Oh, your part-time . . .
Bok Nam! Bok Nam! Where did that punk go?
- You're here to find a part-time job?- Ah, yes.
- Boss? - Yes, just a second please.
It's so busy here. Where did he go!?
Can you help me find Bok Nam out in the front?
Who is Bok Nam?
He's a kid of ours but he went out while I was in the kitchen I think.
I should get him tied up around the neck or something.
- He went out alone? - This is what he looks like.
He's got brown fur here. And curly.
Pink colored clothes. He likes corners. So if you look around those places, he's probably there.
Brown color. Curly. Pink color.
Boss, aren't you going to take our order here?
When you see him. He's pretty.
Please do me the favor.
Yes, coming. Just a second.
Bok Nam?
I forgot to ask him what kind of a dog.
Brown poodle?
Bok Nam?
Bok Nam? Bok Nam? Bok Nam?
What are you looking for?
Oh.
The puppy that the shop up front raises.
I think he went out alone without the owner.
His name is Bok Nam.
Oh, Bok Nam?
By chance, did you see him?
Curly and brown fur.
Pink colored clothes.
When you look at him, he's pretty.
He said pretty?
Yes.
I think so.
Oh.
You saw him?
No.
Then.
Wait.
Give me your number.
Why?
I'll call you when I find the dog. Then I'll need your number.
Oh. Yes.
The name doesn't sound like he's pretty. Bok Nam.
But why did I give him my number when I don't know him?
Come on in.
Oh no. I didn't find him. Bok Nam.
He came back on his own feet. Just a little while ago.
Really?
What a relief. But where . . .
Have a seat. You said you were looking for a part-time job, right?
Oh, yes.
Thanks for helping me find Bok Nam.
He often likes to go out and roam around.
But you named him so well. Bok Nam.
You brought your resume?
Oh, yes, of course.
Bok Nam
Oh, right. Earlier, someone named Deputy Park called to tell you they've got a company dinner tonight.
Those rascals! What era are we living in now? Isn't that too obvious? They're asking me to pay for their company meal!
Deputy Park? It's that Deputy Park from Felix, right? That rascal.
Nope. Deputy Park from HK.
HK?
Oh, they're having their company dinner then.
Where and what time, how . . .
I sent it to you by messenger.
Oh-ya?
But how come it's always just me with this chained up heavy feeling?
By account of age and by account of social position, isn't this heaviness something you should be carrying?
It's Se Hee's wife!
Oh, sister-in-law!
Oh. Hello.
What brings you here? Oh, you must be here to see Se Hee.
Oh. No. I had an errand near by and somehow . . .
That's great. It's our snack time. Come on in and share it with us.
No, I should go home.
But it'd be nice if you came with us.
Make yourself at home, sister-in-law. This is your first time here, right?
- Yes. - How is it?- It's so great!
Yes, I put some thought into it.
Oh, Se Hee is in a meeting right now, but it'll be done soon.
This is Chief Nam's seat.
Look around and I'll go prepare this.
Sister-in-law, fighting! I love it!
It's Me
It's Me (bulletin board)
Ma Sang Gu- Desired nickname: Mably.- Desired salary: Immeasurable.- Likes: Women and Working into the night. - Dislikes: Yolo.
Nam Se Hee- Desired nickname: None.- Desired salary: Enough to pay back the loan before retiring.- Likes: Cat.- Dislikes: Stuff like this.
Didn't you clearly say last week that there wasn't any?
I asked you if there were any edits to be made in the final draft. Twice.
Oh. That's . . . it's because it's linked to so many aspects.
I'm supposed to know each and every detail like that?
You should've balanced that up in advance.
Yes. Though that's true.
From now on, matters of such low priority like this.
I hope you never come break my work over something like that.
Yes, I understand.
- Eat up.  - Thank you!
This isn't a hologram, is it?
The day has come in my lifetime to see Se Hee's wife.
Is it alright if I take a picture?
Sure, my-
Ah, pretty.
But why are you taking my pic-?
You are Se Hee's ideal type so I wanted to record this date.
Ideal type?
He said that to the President. He married you because you are pretty.
This is the first time I heard a male using such a flashy term about a woman. Extremely.
Extremely pretty. I'm telling you!
So unexpected.
It's so nice that you visited, Jiho. We're trembling with excitement.
That's right.
Come by often, Sister-in-Law.
This,
have one. - So dirty, touching with bare hands.
Have this.
Have a lot.
Thank you.
Let's do a wave, starting with me and moving to the right.
Shall we leave now?
No, let's stay a bit longer.
Oh, CEO!
Come over here.
What team dinner do you have today?
It's the last day for the newbies so I wanted to buy them a drink.
Nice to meet you.
This is Gyeolmalae's CEO, Ma Sang Goo. Claps!
Claps!
As Gyeolmalae's representative, Ma Sang Gu, cheers for dating!
Fighting!
Let's have a glass.
Since he's here, let move to another place.
You can go to the good beef restaurant next door.
Ok! Let's head to the beef place.
I'll settle the bill.
On this, please.
What are you doing? I was going to pay.
Why would you? We're the ones that drank.
- Please give me the receipt.- It's $206.
Please sign here.
At least play the claw machine game with that money.
Here.
- Work hard. - Thank you, goodbye.
What is that woman playing at?
Is it an appeal of charm? To make me fall for her?
The card. Work hard.
Welcome and cheers!
I added you, check it.
Assistant manager, we're friends now.
Who says we're friends?
- Assistant Manager Kim.- Yes?
Why didn't you accept my invite? I think it's been two weeks.
Really? I didn't know.
Check it now.
Later.
You don't friend married guys?
No, it's not that.
Assistant Manager Park. I was also recently dumped by an employee.
"What CEO sends a friend request?!"
It must be work culture these days.
Let's not send or accept friend requests among work people.
That employee was female right?
Yes, she was.
Women are like that.
In that case, there's must be a load of pictures with her boyfriend.
If not, then what the heck is the reason for not accepting?
Right, totally.
Fine, I'll accept it.
Our Assistant Manager Woo is totally cool!
In exchange, you can't erase your bikini pictures taken at the hotel.
Another shot!
Smoke?
Why are you like that?
Why do you hold it in even after hearing those trashy words?
CEO Ma. Be careful.
Hey! You might not know as a CEO but
to a salaried worker like me this is a regular part of work life.
It'd be a real nice scene for the newbies if I fought with Assistant Manager in there.
That's why you must bring it up, because your juniors are there!
- They should know not to behave that way! - Why me?
Have you ever tried working as woman in a corporation?
If it becomes a big deal for nothing, I'm the one they'll gossip about.
So please don't worry about someone else's worker, CEO Ma.
CEO Ma, he seems so much more fun after talking to him.
Does he?
Did you see Bomi's expression earlier?
When CEO Ma hid the sandwich
he was somewhat cute.
I see.
Do you know that going home together like this
It's our first time.
Is that so?
While living in Seoul, everything was ok but
Strangely I hated having to go home by myself.
I had vaguely imagined it in school.
If I got married, I would be going home together with someone.
Then that would be so lovely.
Yes
Woori.
You were bored weren't you?
Ah, I gave her a name.
Woori.
I thought it would be nice if it had a name.
To keep calling the cat Kitty is sought of.. what should I say...
It's similar to my mom telling me, "Primate, come eat."
You don't like the name?
Rather than disliking it,
I find it burdensome.
I find it a bit burdensome.
Burdensome?
Yes, It's my cat but,
Having someone call it by another name is bothersome.
Ah, right.
You could feel like that.
Then, the fact that I went to you office today
must have been bothersome too.
Yes it was .
Ok.
Right?
Without another option we chose marriage but
expecting a deeper relationship than home owner and tennant
is truthfully uncomfortable for me.
Situations where we have to play a couple in front of others,
I'd like to avoid them if possible.
Yes. I'll do that.
That's the right thing.
Right.
I'll do that from now on.
Then..
I have to trim its toenails.
Sure.
Ho Rang, are you sure Won Seok has marriage thoughts with you?
So have you guys ever talked seriously
about wanting to marry each other.
You're here?
Ah, I'm so tired. Seriously.
You had the meeting with the investors today, right?
You've worked hard.
Yeah, I worked really hard today.
I mean, is anyone and everyone all Steve Jobs?
They're all telling me to start from the garage. Are we in America?
I don't even have a car. What garage would I have?
I'm so comfortable.
- Seok. - Yeah?
About our marriage...
Yeah?
What do you think about it?
- My opinion?- Yeah.
I don't think I ever talked about it officially before.
Do you also want to get married?
You see..
Honestly, I still don't know.
You don't know...
You know...I really love you
and want to live with you, which is why I'm living here with you,
but...
I still don't know about marriage.
You said you love me, though...
Of course. You also know that without you, I can't live.
However, there's a lot more than just marrying each other out of love.
- What? - We have to raise kids and take a lot of responsible once we get married.
But right now, I can't even get secure investment.
then how can I do such thing?
I guess you have thought about this before..
Yeah, I've been giving that a lot of thoughts lately and worrying about it, too.
Rang...are you disappointed?
N-No. I can become worrisome, too.
Since dating and marriage are different...
Right?
So that why I said, it's quite hard.
Rang, I sometime think about that, too.
Is loving each other and marriage the same thing?
Those ill-fated 1988 births.
Born during South Korea's most speculator time.
The generation that is experiencing the worst vagrancy.
The generation that has tasted abundance and destitution at the same time.
So, we are
- Honey Honey!! I love you!- I love you, Yang Ho Rang.
Why we are called the 'ill-fated' 1988 births.
To us, both marriage
and dating and "we"
and all the whatever's are not givens to us.
I'm sorry. It's because I'm an old geezer.
No.
Even ordinary things like bonding and romance,
have become expenses and energies.
So..
I must've been mistaken for a moment.
I'll stay with you.
Now that isn't your stituation anymore, it's ours.
Our stituation?
Yes, it's our situation.
Your words
made me thought I can become comfortable.
I thought
we become "our"..
♫  Stay with me  ♫
I was happy
for a moment.
♫  Come with me  ♫
You made some delicious breakfast today again.
It was obvious that I did go overboard about yesterday.
What? Well, it's fine-
I think that I've been a little bit out of it after I quit my job.
I'm sorry I was an nuisance.
Honestly,
it's been such a long time since I heard the word, "our".
"Our house"..."our neighborhood"...
It's hard to hear those type of words nowadays.
It had been too long to felt like I belonged somewhere.
I was a bit overboard.
I must have mistaken about
being in a "our" relationship between house owner and tenant.
So from now on, don't say "our" so easily.
Because it makes me misunderstand.
Yes. I understand.
I know
why I'm mad right now.
Could you pass my chopstick and spoon, please.
Oh, yes.
♫ Creating a beautiful night  ♫
♫ On getting married. And meet a nice person.  ♫
♫ And be a nice person.  ♫
Because I was mistaken on my own. Because my pride is acting weird.
Because I'm embarrassed.
Though the reasons must be various.
Timing and Subtitles Brought to You by the Scrimp & Scrape Team @ Viki!
- Hello?- Yoon Ji Ho?
Yes, who are you?
- It's me, the alley road. - Alley road?
Oh, the alley road where I went to look for Bok Nam?
Yes, Bok Nam.
Ah, but what's the matter?
I have something to ask you. Do you have a piece of paper with you?
Paper?
Ah, yes.
Then, what about a pen?
I also have a pen.
- Then what about a boyfriend?- Boyfrie-
- What?- Do you also have a boyfriend?
Though the reasons must be various.
one thing I'm sure of is..
I.. what I am to you.
don't have a boyfriend.
That I've started to want to hurt you.
Because the gravity of us
was cut.
♫ Even if I don't want love, ♫
♫ when you are in front of me,  ♫
♫ I become wanting to hold your hands and everything's fine. ♫
♫ And I become wanting for love.  ♫
Because This is My First Life
- From the first day we met-- From the first day you guys met,
you must be very close.
But you were jealous.
- Earlier, the whole time. - I wasn't.
What is that? That bad attitude just now?
- By any chance, are you mad at me for anything?- Why would I?
Isn't he just the complete opposite of brother-in-law?
What's wrong with you?
The thought occurs to me that my experience is too lacking.
I think if I continue to be with you, I might end up stealing you.
Why would I put on both of these?
Since you're anti-marriage, make it clear.
I feel like seeing him would also be a great experience in life.
I do not hold the authority to get involved in my wife's social life.
What should we do about your husband?